INGREDIENTES DE OBOJIMA - DADOS LIMPOS

1. AMBER
   Combat: 9, Utility: 5, Whimsy: 4
   Descrição: This chunk of petrified tree sap is prized for its color and gem-like luster and is often used in jewelry. Some arcane jewelers claim that it has special properties, especially if an ancient insect is trapped within it. Amber can be found in rocky areas where petrified wood is found, and it has been known to wash up on certain beaches.

2. APPER CARROT
   Combat: 0, Utility: 3, Whimsy: 1
   Descrição: The Apper Carrot is well known throughout Obojima as a superior strain of carrot that has a delicious flavor and a hearty crunch. Its bulbous top peeks out from the soil when it's ready for harvesting, making it easy for foragers to spot Apper Carrots in the wild. They can be found in most grassy lowland areas.

3. BAMBOO
   Combat: 3, Utility: 3, Whimsy: 3
   Descrição: Used in everything from building material to drinking vessels and musical instruments, bamboo is perhaps the most versatile material on the island. Patches of bamboo can be found in most places on Obojima, however there are a few bamboo forests in the foothills and mountainous regions where it can grow as thick as a tree.

4. BASHU POWDER
   Combat: 2, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 0
   Descrição: This russet powder is made from the ground seed pods of the bashu tree. Bashu powder is used commonly by chefs who want to add a spicy yet smoky flavor to their dishes. Most Obojimans believe that bashu powder also helps alleviate minor ailments like coughs and colds. Bashu trees are found inland in the warm and arid regions of Obojima.

5. BLUE BACK SALMON
   Combat: 3, Utility: 4, Whimsy: 7
   Descrição: The fat-marbled, delicious flesh of the blue back salmon are a staple in many villages across the island. A fully grown salmon can reach up to almost two meters in length and any fisherman will tell you that they are crafty, hard to catch, and can deliver a nasty bite. Blue back salmon are found in rivers all across Obojima and in the deepest parts of the surrounding reef.

6. BOOM BERI
   Combat: 7, Utility: 6, Whimsy: 1
   Descrição: These small red berries are a delicious sweet treat for roughly three weeks of the year. Outside of that time they're quite disgusting and left untouched by forest dwellers. They're often found near the base of mountains or cliff faces.

7. BORA BUG
   Combat: 4, Utility: 8, Whimsy: 3
   Descrição: These hazelnut-sized beetles can be found sipping the sugary sap from trees or drinking the juice from overripe fruit that has fallen to the forest floor. Obojimans crush up dried bora bugs to produce a beautiful turquoise dye. Bora bugs are usually found on or around any tree that produces fruit or a sweet sap.

8. BRUSH REED
   Combat: 1, Utility: 10, Whimsy: 6
   Descrição: Aside from making a nifty hairbrush, brush reed is also well-known for its potion making properties. Brush reeds can be found next to ponds and lakes in the lowland areas.

9. BUNDLE OF DRIKO TWIGS
   Combat: 1, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 2
   Descrição: The aromatic wood of the driko tree is a common scent in temples, shrines, and village markets on Obojima. Many woodcutters dry stacks of driko twigs in the sun making the summer months smell fantastic. Aside from being able to get driko twigs in almost any village, there are an abundance of driko trees all over the island.

10. CAMP MITE
    Combat: 6, Utility: 4, Whimsy: 8
    Descrição: These small, spherical bugs are covered in stiff hairs that enable them to stick to fabric and even skin. They are drawn to the warmth of campfires and bedrolls; a fact attested to by anyone who's spent more than a couple of nights sleeping under the stars.

11. CHICKEN EGG
    Combat: 1, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 2
    Descrição: While to some, an egg is an egg, there are Obojiman chicken farmers who can discuss late into the night the various qualities and virtues of the perfect egg.

12. CHISUAY'S HEAVENLY TEA
    Combat: 2, Utility: 7, Whimsy: 5
    Descrição: Even outside of potion brewing circles, the properties of Chisuay's Heavenly Tea is talked about in reverent tones, and there are many competitions around the island to see who makes the best blend of tea, and Chisuay's Heavenly Tea blend always takes first place. Although wild tea is found throughout the highlands of Obojima, the highest-quality tea is found in fields where heirloom tea is cultivated and raised with great attention and care.

13. CLAY SNAKE TAIL
    Combat: 8, Utility: 6, Whimsy: 5
    Descrição: Clay snakes are fairly docile and non-venomous, which makes catching one a fairly easy task. The tips of a clay snake's tail are in high demand from witches and potion makers, and luckily for the clay snakes, their tails grow back within a few weeks. Clay snakes are found by riverbanks and lakeshores where there are rich deposits of clay, but the most desirable ones are found in the Land of Hot Water.

14. CLOUD HORN
    Combat: 1, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: Cloud horn flowers bloom in the spring. In the late summer months, a seed pod in the middle of the flower cracks open and a light, fibrous fluff emerges—a fluff that is highly sought after by potion makers and brewers. Cloud horns are usually found in meadows and grasslands, and prefer dry climates.

15. CREEPING BOLETE
    Combat: 3, Utility: 10, Whimsy: 6
    Descrição: These colorful mushrooms are constantly on the move, creeping through the forest floor. No one knows exactly what they are looking for, if anything, or if they're just spreading their spores.

16. DORRIN PLATE
    Combat: 7, Utility: 8, Whimsy: 4
    Descrição: Dorrin plate is a naturally occurring stone that can be broken off in large sheets and used as roof tiles, crockery, or building material. Potion makers have discovered that Dorrin plate is filled with minute crystals that are good for enhancing magic properties. Dorrin plate is found in rock formations near the mountain town of Dorrin.

17. DRIED FRUIT
    Combat: 2, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 4
    Descrição: Dried fruit is plentiful on Obojima but there are certain artisans who know how to preserve and concentrate the flavor and vibrancy of the fruit in such a way that it borders on mysticism. Although dried fruit can be bought at markets and from farmers from all over Obojima, the best dried fruit for making potions is from fruit trees that grow around the base of Mount Arbora.

18. EARWAX
    Combat: 0, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: An unpleasant truth is that the role of earwax in potion making is more important than people like to discuss. Though earwax is plentiful, it's not all the same in potion mixing terms, and some varieties come at a steeper price than others.

19. FISH FOLK TOOTH
    Combat: 9, Utility: 4, Whimsy: 3
    Descrição: Fish folk teeth have long been used by witches in making potions, especially those used for breathing underwater. Fish folk go through many teeth in their lifetimes and over the centuries, thousands of discarded teeth have washed up on the coastline near their underwater caves and grottoes. But a word to the wise, most fish folk are very territorial and are not fond of interlopers idly beachcombing on their shores.

20. FISH HEAD
    Combat: 4, Utility: 5, Whimsy: 4
    Descrição: For potion brewing, any old stinky fish head will do.

21. FLASH PAPER
    Combat: 6, Utility: 9, Whimsy: 1
    Descrição: This highly combustible paper can be procured during the numerous festivals that villages all over Obojima celebrate during the various seasons. Because of these festivals, there is a tradition of making flash paper and every village makes a different variation from ones that burn in bright, vivid colors to others that sizzle and whistle.

22. GREEN SLIME
    Combat: 8, Utility: 6, Whimsy: 7
    Descrição: Green slime appears as a viscous green mass with weak acidic properties. Healers favor green slime as an unguent in topical ointments. Howlers often keep globules of green slime tucked in their cheeks. The substance green slime is cultivated from larger, living omnivorous monsters of the same name.

23. GOHAKU RICE
    Combat: 3, Utility: 2, Whimsy: 3
    Descrição: For some reason, the lustrous and plump rice grown in the Gohaku region is always of exceptional quality and taste. At some point, the magical properties of the rice were discovered, a fact that Gohaku rice farmers talk about with a certain amount of pride.

24. HAKUMA SAPWOOD
    Combat: 5, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 9
    Descrição: Hakuma sapwood is a fragrant and combustible wood that comes from the center of the hakuma tree. It is burned at shrines and sacred sites throughout Obojima, delivering a complex and pleasing incense that clears the mind and soothes the soul. Hakuma trees are quite common across the island, but unless you are a priest, a druid, or know the proper rituals, most Obojimans frown on taking limbs from these trees.

25. HILL DRAGON EGG
    Combat: 9, Utility: 3, Whimsy: 8
    Descrição: Looking like pumpkin-sized acorns, hill dragon eggs can remain dormant in the ground for a year or more before they hatch. Hill dragon eggs are usually buried out of sight, but certain flowers like to grow around burial pits giving their positions away and egg-hunting hogs can be trained to sniff them out. Not known for powerful maternal instincts, hill dragons lay their eggs in clutches all across the plains, dales, and rolling hills of Obojima.

26. HOWLER FUR
    Combat: 10, Utility: 5, Whimsy: 4
    Descrição: Howler fur has certain arcane properties that are sought after by witches and warlocks for their various brews. Some Obojimans believe that a tuft of howler fur that is burned in a fireplace can ward off evil spirits. Howler fur can be found snagged on bramble thickets, along game trails, and near howler camps within and around the forests and caves where they dwell.

27. ITCHI BERI
    Combat: 0, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: Itchi berries can be harvested in clusters from under the vibrant green leaves of the Itchi plant, which are known to cause severe rashes on exposed skin. The berries themselves are harmless and sweeten when reduced to a jam. Itchi plants are most often found on riverbanks, their leaves pointing toward the peak of Mount Arbora. Sages have speculated about this phenomenon for generations, but no conclusive evidence has laid the matter to rest.

28. JUMPING BONFIRE
    Combat: 6, Utility: 4, Whimsy: 10
    Descrição: This brightly colored flower is well-known throughout Obojima for the unique way that it propagates its seeds. When the flower of a jumping bonfire plant is knocked by a passerby, its petals begin to wriggle about mimicking flames and the seeds within it shoot out from the central stem with an audible popping sound like logs cracking on a fire. The jumping bonfire plant is the delight of children all over Obojima, and every village is sure to have one.

29. JACK-O'-LANTERN BITS
    Combat: 2, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 3
    Descrição: Many witches say that the process of carving a jack-o'-lantern bestows a certain amount of magic into the pumpkin, and lighting a candle within it absorbs the energy of the special time of the fall season when most witches agree that magic is at its most potent. Thus, pieces of a jack-o'-lantern are imbued with eldritch energies that are key to certain potions and magics.

30. KLOTH LEECH
    Combat: 1, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 1
    Descrição: Kloth leeches are approximately the size of a handkerchief and come in a variety of colors. They tend to gather in groups made up of leeches of different colors, forming what resembles clumps of patchwork cloth. There are druidic communities in the Gale Fields who have learned to make entire garments from trained kloth leeches.

31. KNOBBLE LEAF SEAWEED
    Combat: 1, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 1
    Descrição: There are many different kinds of seaweed on and around Obojima, most of which are quite tasty and nutritious, but none is more sought after than knobble leaf. Many cooks use knobble leaf in their soups and salads, and there are some witches and warlocks that use it for spells. Knobble leaf can be found washed up on the beaches of Obojima and growing in thick kelp beds along the sea floor surrounding the island.

32. KOJO ROOT
    Combat: 6, Utility: 3, Whimsy: 2
    Descrição: You can find kojo root hanging within every shrine and temple on Obojima as it is considered good luck. Dried kojo root is also ground into a powder and used as seasoning in many dishes across the island.

33. LOVERS VINE
    Combat: 0, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 2
    Descrição: The lovers vine is actually two distinct vines that have developed a symbiotic relationship where one draws nutrients from the soil and the other provides a strong stem and ability to grasp and climb. Singly, neither vine provides a medicinal or magical effect, but when both are boiled together, their mixed properties are truly potent. Lovers vine can be found in most forests but it is especially fond of marshy areas.

34. MANDRAKE ROOT
    Combat: 8, Utility: 5, Whimsy: 2
    Descrição: This hardy root is difficult to process and is often boiled for hours before being used medicinally. Once softened the crimson root can be used in a number of balms and elixirs. It is often found in shady areas near the base of shrubs and trees.

35. MELLOWORT
    Combat: 4, Utility: 8, Whimsy: 7
    Descrição: Go into any hot spring or spa and the scent of Mellowort is sure to be wafting around with its soothing aroma. There are many songs written by bards about the benefits and relaxing properties of this flowering plant. Mellowort is a tall, slender plant that is found in the lowlands of Obojima.

36. MONKEY'S COIL
    Combat: 2, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 1
    Descrição: Monkey's Coil is a tiny flower that sprouts a spiraling growth wound so tightly that it can only be forced open with tremendous strength. Among a local guild of sages from the Coastal Highlands there are those that claim to know the secret of releasing the coil in a less forceful manner. The flower grows on a kind of ivy that links monkey coil flowers together into a lattice that farmers often plant in place of hedgerows.

37. MOUNTAIN OX DUNG
    Combat: 10, Utility: 3, Whimsy: 8
    Descrição: In the hands of a skilled potion crafter, a nice, sun-dried, ox dung pie has many uses. Mountain oxen roam wild in the foothills and are quite grumpy, so caution is advised.

38. MOUSE TREE NUT
    Combat: 4, Utility: 6, Whimsy: 5
    Descrição: Despite its overall nutritiousness, the bitter grittiness of the mouse tree nut often precludes it from being eaten as a snack by most folk. However, the mouse tree nut is beloved across the island because of its shell, which is used to make instruments like castanets or a type of flute called a "mouse kisser." Mouse tree nuts grow on stout, gnarly trees that grow in normally unsuitable areas, such as cliff sides or inside ruined buildings.

39. NARUTOMAKI
    Combat: 0, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: These delicious narutomaki cakes are made in markets and taverns all over the island of Obojima. Many villages have naruto competitions to see who can make the most tasty and aesthetically pleasing naruto cakes, all in honor of the local guardian spirit or to celebrate a good season of fishing or a bountiful harvest.

40. NOBBLEWORT
    Combat: 3, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 2
    Descrição: Nobblewort is a fairly common lichen whose bumpy, knobbly texture gives it its name. You can often see a bundle of nobblewort hanging from the eaves of many village houses as it is said to ward off bad luck and mischievous spirits. Nobblewort can be found clinging to most deciduous trees across the island.

41. OPORION GLASS
    Combat: 1, Utility: 10, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: This translucent glass can be found in many different colors and is often used by swordsmiths as sharpening stones because of its high durability and fine polish that it leaves on the blade. It is often found underwater or in caves.

42. ORIGAMI CRANE
    Combat: 6, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 10
    Descrição: Obojiman wizards say that due to their focus and intention, origami artists weave subtle energies into the folds and shapes of their creations so that even a simple crane contains a bit of magic. However, the best and most useful cranes are found in sky kite valley.

43. PINK CANDLE WAX
    Combat: 2, Utility: 2, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: Wax tinted pink is part of the folk magic tradition associated most closely with the villages of the Gift of Shuritashi. According to such traditions, minor prayers or blessings are inscribed in the wax. When a candle made from pink wax is lit, it is believed that the magic is released, increasing the likelihood that the prayer will be fulfilled. The practice remains common in rural communities, while brewers across Obojima seek the wax for their own trade. Pink candle wax is found in most herbalist and wizarding shops.

44. PEEPING WILLOW
    Combat: 0, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 1
    Descrição: The peeping willow is known for its peculiar peeper flowers, which bear an unsettling resemblance to eyeballs. Unless dried, the flowers are poisonous to eat. The "eyelid" petals are prized by clothiers as a source of deep red dye.

45. POISON
    Combat: 9, Utility: 8, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: There's nothing like a good old-fashioned poison to spice up a potion.

46. PUNGENT SEA FOAM
    Combat: 5, Utility: 7, Whimsy: 5
    Descrição: Collected from the seashore in corrupted areas, this sea foam is toxic to the touch. Only the most skillful of potion makers can use its magic properties without causing harm.

47. PYRAMID MELON
    Combat: 2, Utility: 2, Whimsy: 2
    Descrição: Some druids claim that the pyramid melon gets its shape from the forces that form the cosmos. and to contemplate the melon will reveal secrets beyond space and time. Most children, however, simply enjoy the tart fruit and make a game of spitting the seeds.

48. QUEEN'S DILEMMA
    Combat: 7, Utility: 5, Whimsy: 3
    Descrição: Long ago, when the Nakudama ruled the land, it is said that Queen Okumi was tricked by a wicked beast who sought to steal her heart. As they were about to be betrothed, a mushroom spirit sacrificed itself to poison the beast and reveal his true nature. Because of the mushroom's courage, Queen Okumi spread its spores throughout Obojima, and that is why queen's dilemma mushrooms are so plentiful.

49. RAKA PASTE
    Combat: 4, Utility: 10, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: A pulpy mixture of soot and the oil pressed from the seeds of a raka plant, raka paste is commonly used to repair broken pottery vessels. When it dries, it hardens into a glossy glass-like substance. Many households have raka paste, which is commonly stored in a shallow hexagonal dish and covered in a film of wax to keep it from drying out.

50. RATTLE SHOOT
    Combat: 10, Utility: 8, Whimsy: 7
    Descrição: Rattle shoot plants are wanted for their seed pods which dry out in the summer. As soon as the first rain comes, the seeds begin to rattle inside the dry pods and then blast out in a peppering of seeds that scatter them a great distance. Rattle shoot plants are found mainly in the Gale Fields in the center of the island.

51. RIBBON ROT
    Combat: 5, Utility: 3, Whimsy: 9
    Descrição: Ribbon rot is a strain of purple mold that devours wood. Obojiman villagers are always on the lookout for any signs of this as ribbon rot can quickly eat the supports of a house and bring the whole structure down within a matter of months. Ribbon rot can be found in old, dilapidated houses and snags within damp forests.

52. RUST CRAB
    Combat: 8, Utility: 4, Whimsy: 2
    Descrição: Rust crabs are plentiful and cantankerous, making them a prize for fisherman but a tricky crab to catch as they often clip through cages with their unusually strong claws. Rust crabs are quite fond of chicken. They can be found in the waters surrounding Obojima.

53. SCALEFRUIT RIND
    Combat: 4, Utility: 2, Whimsy: 2
    Descrição: Scalefruit are fist-sized fruits that are covered by a thick, scaly rind. Although the outside of a scalefruit is rather unappetizing, the interior is sweet and delicious, and is easily scooped after the fruit is cut in half. Many scalefruit farmers can be easily identified as they always carry a sharp cleaver and a metal scoop. Scalefruit trees are found along the coastline as they love sandy soil. Many seaside villages have their own creative versions of scalefruit drinks that they proudly serve to travelers.

54. SEASHELL
    Combat: 0, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 1
    Descrição: The beaches of Obojima are covered with different kinds of seashells. Many paths and walkways in the seaside villages are covered with simple white shells. Some of the more decorative ones are sold in shops.

55. SEA WATER
    Combat: 1, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: Sea water is a staple in many potion brewing processes but some master potion makers will demand seawater from certain areas around Obojima due to the particular elements, minerals, and energies present in the waters around that particular region. For those adventurers with a penchant for fibbery or a desire for easy money, a master can taste the difference in the waters around Obojima, so don't try to fool them with just any old sea water.

56. SHEEP DRAGON WOOL
    Combat: 10, Utility: 8, Whimsy: 7
    Descrição: The thick wool of the sheep dragon has been used by Obojimans for centuries as clothing, blankets, and even felt armor. Many villages have dyed sheep dragon wool in many vibrant colors. While most sheep dragons are domesticated, there are still wild sheep dragons roaming the grasslands of Obojima.

57. SNAP VINE SAP
    Combat: 0, Utility: 2, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: Snap vines are carnivorous plants with a thick central stalk and many thinner grasping, hook-like tendrils that they use to ambush unsuspecting birds and small rodents. The sap is a viscous orange-red fluid.

58. SPINDLE LEG SPIDER WEBS
    Combat: 5, Utility: 9, Whimsy: 6
    Descrição: The silky, strong webs of the spindle leg spiders are woven in thick hammock-like nets under bushes and in dense tall grass. The webs are strong enough to catch small animals which the spindle web spiders wrap and hang in their silken larder. Spindle leg spiders are found in forests, under large bushes, and in areas where the grass grows tall.

59. SPIRIT ROOT
    Combat: 6, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 9
    Descrição: Spirit root is called such because many Obojimans believe that if you leave it under your pillow at night it will remove any bad spirits—especially those who plague children with nightmares. Some villagers also believe that spirit roots are where dara come from. Spirit root can be found growing out from between rocks in and around mountainous and seemingly desolate areas.

60. SQUID INK
    Combat: 4, Utility: 9, Whimsy: 7
    Descrição: Squid ink is highly sought after by calligraphers and fine clothiers as the ink makes for excellent writing ink and a rich, colorful dye for the finest clothes. Some chefs also prize the ink to add some color and a unique flavor to their soups and dishes. Squid ink can be found in the many different kinds of squid that live in the waters surrounding Obojima.

61. TANGLE WEED
    Combat: 8, Utility: 8, Whimsy: 4
    Descrição: Fisherfolk are at constant war with these plants, which snare fishing lines. It is commonly believed that tangle weed is not natural but is a species bewitched by fish folk to torment land dwellers who come too close to the water. This invasive species can be found clumped together throughout the Shallows.

62. UBE
    Combat: 2, Utility: 6, Whimsy: 5
    Descrição: Ube has long been eaten as a staple by Obojimans and there is rarely a festival feast that doesn't feature ube cooked in a variety of ways. Many villages have a shrine with offerings dedicated to the spirit of the ube, usually in the form of a jolly spirit yam. While ube grows wild, there are many farmers who cultivate it to create new, more delicious varieties, especially in the western foothills and lowlands where the climate is just right.

63. VARROW
    Combat: 0, Utility: 1, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: Every Obojiman has fond memories of the scent of varrow on summer days as the plant secretes a fragrant resin to protect its leaves on days when the sun is hot. Many Obojimans use varrow as flavoring in teas or as an incense as its smoke has a distinct and pleasant aroma. Along with its medicinal properties, varrow, fresh or dried, is a good base for any magic potion. Varrow grows almost everywhere on Obojima but is commonly found near the coast.

64. VENUS FLY RAT
    Combat: 9, Utility: 2, Whimsy: 8
    Descrição: Named after a strange document found in the ancient observatory, the Venus fly rat can draw blood from an unwary beast without any sensation, using its needle-sharp teeth and numbing saliva. Swarms of Venus fly rats have been known to kill livestock, making them the bane of farmers everywhere. Venus fly rats live in caves near the observatory where the first of their kind was found. They echo-locate in the darkness using their ears and sensitive pronged tails.

65. WINDBLOOM
    Combat: 6, Utility: 7, Whimsy: 0
    Descrição: These miniature sweet-smelling flowers drift in vast clouds, staying aloft for weeks riding wind currents. It is not uncommon for windbloom clouds to attract various swarms of pollinating insects. Though they are most commonly found in their airborne state in the Gale Fields and the Land of Hot Water, windblooms originate on the slopes of Mount Arbora, clinging to sparse patches of earth.

66. WITCH'S BROOM
    Combat: 3, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 5
    Descrição: The thick, straight stalks of witch's broom are perfect for enchanting as they don't warp or shatter when imbued with powerful magic—especially the kind used for flying brooms. But other parts of witch's broom—the leaves and flowers—are used as well for making potions and herbal concoctions. Witch's broom can be found in abundance along roadsides and pathways of Obojima.

67. WITCH'S EYE CORAL
    Combat: 1, Utility: 0, Whimsy: 10
    Descrição: This coral is seen as a bad omen by most Obojiman fisher folk. Some say that a new clump of witch's eye coral grows every time a curse is uttered. Witch's eye coral can be found after some underwater searching in most parts of the Shallows.

68. YUGI SAP
    Combat: 0, Utility: 4, Whimsy: 2
    Descrição: Though yugi sap is commonly found seeping from trees of every species, it is not a naturally occurring substance. Spirits who retreat into a tree have a transformative effect on it. Leaves might grow in a different shape or color, or a dazzling new fruit might emerge. However, every tree inhabited by a spirit produces yugi sap. This sticky substance is often used as a sweetener. However, some canny craftspeople know the secret to making strong glass-like vessels from it.

69. YUMA SHRUB
    Combat: 5, Utility: 8, Whimsy: 4
    Descrição: The leaves of the yuma shrub secrete a strong, pleasant-smelling oil that is known to repel biting insects and flies. Most soapmakers use yuma shrub oil in their soaps, and dogs and cats are often seen with a cluster of yuma leaves tied to their collars to keep fleas and ticks away. Once the smell of the yuma shrub is experienced, then they are quite easy to find by their smell alone and they can be found all over the island.

TOTAL: 69 ingredientes extraídos com sucesso!
